Fingerprint, iris, and facial recognition in personal devices for stronger security. Smart electrical power grids that automatically reroute in response to equipment failure or outages. Self-driving cars that replace manual controls with AI assisted by radar, GPS mapping, and sensors. Cities with improved traffic flow and efficient street lighting. Agriculture optimized with livestock tracking, geofencing, and sensor-based resource and field monitoring. Wearable biometric devices paving the way for unprecedented academic study and monitoring of the brain and heart.

Sensor data and the Internet of Things stand to disrupt society as we know it as the next wave of Big Data. Big Data is characterized by its volume, velocity, and variety, but the nascent proliferation of sensor data and integration with the Internet of Things brings the concept of Big Data to another magnitude. With sensors in everything from home appliances to industrial machines to biomedical devices returning thousands of pings per second, data analysis must be intelligent and in real-time to extrapolate meaning from continuous streams of data.

The potential for streaming analytics is vast, but so is the depth and complexity of the problem space. In the world of sensor data, retroactive data analysis invalidates the potential of sensor technology. Real-time versus retroactive analysis is the difference between mitigating a power outage, detecting equipment failure, and preventing accidents.

tura enables analytics to meet the demands of sensor technology by bringing complex higher math to real-time pattern recognition. Our platform maps user and sensor data into real-time streams where our pattern recognition software detects user-defined trends within your data. Complex arrays of patterns can be layered together in a coherent manner to perform detection, decision, and analysis.

This robust and multi-layered approach allows us to define the complex trends seen in real-time data while ensuring that insights are clear and actionable. Our platform streamlines the analytical process for people of all skill levels. Join us in the movement to democratize real-time pattern recognition for an irrevocably Big Data world.
